I need you to implement the machine class now. It holds a queue of objects of the batch class, and a time stamp of how much time has passed. The batch class should hold the current step it is on (the "Route Step" found in get_routes_for_products.py), the total number of steps involved in that batch, which is found in each route product page in the spreadsheet, and if it is finished, which is false by default. The batch class also needs to hold the time stamp in minutes of the time that has passed. This will be given to it by the time stamp of its last step. Also, implement the order class. The order class simply has a list of batches that need to be done. In the main function, create a list of orders. Each order should have 200 of the same batch, with one order for each properly formatted Route_Product page. Now I will describe the step class. The step class will reflect each line in the Route_Product pages on the spreadsheet. The step class will have a "Tool Group needed attribute", a "time needed" attribute, and a "time completed at" attribute, the last of which it will get from the machine that completes that step when that step is the current step of the batch that the machine/tool is working on. It will also have a setup ID if the step requires the machine to be configured a certain way. Create one of each unique batch, put them in batch_templates in the main function, and create a list of orders of 200 each unique batch. As a side note, add a "time needed to set up" attribute to the state class, with the listed time needed to set up that machine in the step where the particular state is mentioned. Then, create the ability to simulate all these machines. For each open machine, try to find an batch within the list of orders whose current step lists that machine as needed. When a machine needs to be set up a certain way for a step, add the amount of time to that machine's time stamp attribute, and move it to the appropriate state key in the machines dictionary in the ToolGroup object. Any state can perform a step where a state is not specified. There should be a global timer that increments, and a machine can be used again once the global timer matches it's individual timer. Once it is able to be used again, the current batch of that machine should mark it's current step as completed, and the batch should move to the next step. The machine should then be marked as open for a different batch step to use. 